README.md, before:

visualstudio-wakatime
=====================

WakaTime is a productivity & time tracking tool for programmers. Once the WakaTime plugin is installed, you get a dashboard with reports about your programming by time, language, project, and branch.

Pre-requisites
------------

1. Visual Studio 2013

2. Visual Studio 2013 SDK installed - https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=40758


Installation
------------

1. Inside Visual Studio, navigate to `Tools` -> `Extensions and Updates...`

2. Click the `Online` category at the left, then search for `wakatime`.

3. Click the `Download` button, then click `Install`.

4. Click the `Restart Now` button.

3. Enter your [api key](https://wakatime.com/settings#apikey), then press `enter`.

4. Use Visual Studio like you normally do and your time will be tracked for you automatically.

5. Visit https://wakatime.com to see your logged time.


Screen Shots
------------

![Project Overview](https://wakatime.com/static/img/ScreenShots/ScreenShot-2014-10-29.png)

Commit message:

move contributing info to bottom of readme

README.md, after:

visualstudio-wakatime
=====================

WakaTime is a productivity & time tracking tool for programmers. Once the WakaTime plugin is installed, you get a dashboard with reports about your programming by time, language, project, and branch.


Installation
------------

1. Inside Visual Studio, navigate to `Tools` -> `Extensions and Updates...`

2. Click the `Online` category at the left, then search for `wakatime`.

3. Click the `Download` button, then click `Install`.

4. Click the `Restart Now` button.

3. Enter your [api key](https://wakatime.com/settings#apikey), then press `enter`.

4. Use Visual Studio like you normally do and your time will be tracked for you automatically.

5. Visit https://wakatime.com to see your logged time.


Screen Shots
------------

![Project Overview](https://wakatime.com/static/img/ScreenShots/ScreenShot-2014-10-29.png)


Contributing
------------

To open and build this project, please use Visual Studio 2013 and install the Visual Studio 2013 SDK:

https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=40758
